Let's move towards the end of the module by making sure that we can also get the orders and display
them on our orders page here.
So for that, we want to work in the shop controller with get orders and there I had a get orders function
on my user model we could call. If we have a quick look at this function, get orders simply reached
out to the orders collection and found me all orders for this user.
Well that shouldn't be too hard right because what we can do of course is in our controller here,
we know the user ID because we got it here in a request object,
so in the end what I can do is I can use my order model which we're importing at the top of the file
and I can find all orders where and let's have a look at the order model real quick, where the user, user
ID so this nested object here, this nested key is equal to the user id of the logged in user.
So here we have user.userID, that should be equal to request user _id, that is the check
I want to make and this will give me all orders that belong to that user.
Well and then we can just use these orders here in the then method,
so essentially I can also just reuse my old then method where I already expected the orders and I can
render the orders page. If we now save that, we just need to make sure the route exists,
so let's quickly comment that in here and now if I click on orders,
I get an error because the structure of our data changed a little bit,
so we need to work on the view to adjust it to our data
in my orders page here. How did it change? We loop through the orders and each order has an ID, that will still
work
but then we have no order items anymore,
we've got order products now, we can confirm this with our schema or in compass of course, we got order
products and each product has quantity and then the product data in a product field.
So inside of here, we have the product and there we have a nested product field,
so we could also name this just P to avoid confusion,
this will be p
and there we have the product field with the title but directly on the top level p object,
so directly in the object that is stored in that products array, we have the quantity
so we can still access this directly on p which is the part directly in order products but then the
product data itself is nested in one additional embedded document product.
But with these changes
to our view, if I now reload that view page,
this looks good,
now I see all my orders here as we did before.
Now something is wrong about the first two orders
and the thing that is wrong is that simply these orders were created at a time where we only store the
object ID and no special object data,
so let me quickly delete these two orders here so that we don't have them in our view
and in our app anymore,
so now we only have valid orders in here.
So this does now all work,
feel free to play around with that,
try adding totals for the orders or anything like that.
For now this is the state I want to work with,
I want to continue with and this is what I wanted to show you with mongoose and mongodb and you
therefore now saw a lot of different alternatives for working with databases and how to work with the
data then.